cannon: supplement the example cannon command (#12658)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: cannon/README.md

# Note:
#  - The L2 RPC is an archive L2 node on OP MAINNET.
#  - The L1 RPC is a non-archive RPC, also change `--l1.rpckind` to reflect the correct L1 RPC type.

> #  - The network flag is only suitable for specific networks(https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry/blob/main/chainList.json). If you are running on the devnet, please use '--l2.genesis' with the L2 devnet genesis file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#  - The network flag is only suitable for specific networks(https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry/blob/main/chainList.json). If you are running on the devnet, please use '--l2.genesis' to supply a path to the L2 devnet genesis file.
```

I believe this is correct

Author: Yeah!

    --input ./state.bin.gz \
    -- \
    ../op-program/bin/op-program \

>     --network <Predefined_Network> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --network <network name> \
```
